README.md, before:

# DiTFastAttnV2: Head-wise Attention Compression for Multi-Modality Diffusion Transformers

<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2503.22796">
  <img alt="arxiv" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-%3C2406.02540%3E-%23a72f20.svg">
</a>

![intro](assets/dfav2_overview.png)

End-to-end Latency and Speedup of DiTFastAttnV2 on FLUX 2K Image Generation 

![speedup](assets/output.png)

# Install

```
conda create -n speedupdit python=3.12
```

install torch 2.5.1

```
pip install numpy packaging matplotlib scikit-image ninja torchvision
pip install git+https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers
pip install thop pytorch_fid torchmetrics accelerate torchmetrics[image] beautifulsoup4 ftfy transformers SentencePiece
```

# Install DiTFastAttnV2 Fused Kernel

https://github.com/changdong1687/dfav2_fused_kernel


# Usage

Please see `sd3_generation.py` and `flux_generation.py` for a quick start.

```
python sd3_generation.py
```

```
python flux_generation.py
```

# TODO
- [ ] release scripts and kernels that support more patterns include arrow attention with residual sharing and half arrow attention
- [ ] extend and support for video generation (CogVideoX, HunyuanVideo, OpenSora 2.0, etc)

Commit message:

modify readme to update support for video generation model

README.md, after:

# DiTFastAttnV2: Head-wise Attention Compression for Multi-Modality Diffusion Transformers

<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2503.22796">
  <img alt="arxiv" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-%3C2406.02540%3E-%23a72f20.svg">
</a>

![intro](assets/dfav2_overview.png)

End-to-end Latency and Speedup of DiTFastAttnV2 on FLUX 2K Image Generation 

![speedup](assets/output.png)

# Install

```
conda create -n speedupdit python=3.12
```

install torch 2.5.1

```
pip install numpy packaging matplotlib scikit-image ninja torchvision
pip install git+https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers
pip install thop pytorch_fid torchmetrics accelerate torchmetrics[image] beautifulsoup4 ftfy transformers SentencePiece
```

# Install DiTFastAttnV2 Fused Kernel

https://github.com/changdong1687/dfav2_fused_kernel


# Usage

Please see `sd3_generation.py` and `flux_generation.py` for a quick start.

```
python sd3_generation.py
```

```
python flux_generation.py
```

# Extenstion to Video Generation Model

For Video Generation Model, We use triton kernel from SVG (https://github.com/svg-project/Sparse-VideoGen) for token reorder and add temperal sparsity as a pattern in DiTFastAttn pattern search framework. Now we support Wan and CogVideoX.

```
python wan_generation.py
```

```
python cogvideox_generation.py
```
